feature cache ttl option (#151)
scala-steward-org/scala-steward-action: README.md

| `scala-steward-version` | Valid [Scala Steward's version](https://github.com/fthomas/scala-steward/releases) | no       | 0.6.0   | Scala Steward version to use                                                                        |
| `ignore-opts-files`     | true/false                                                                         | no       | true                          | Whether to ignore "opts" files (such as `.jvmopts` or `.sbtopts`) when found on repositories or not |
| `sign-commits`          | true/false                                                                         | no       | false                         | Whether to sign commits or not                                                                      |

> | `cache-ttl`             | like 24 hours, 5 min, 10s, or 0s                                                   | no       | 2hours                        | TTL of cache for fetching dependency versions and metadata                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cache-ttl`             | like 24hours, 5min, 10s, or 0s                                                   | no       | 2hours                        | TTL of cache for fetching dependency versions and metadata                                          |
```
